today we are going to teach you the
characteristics of the Bethlehem hull or
brand may one of the most sold helmets
'the challenge' dotcom
the helmet hurts is not designed so much
for the use of road or mountain if
you want the visor can be removed
so that it takes more case form than
road after
a system that they call in molding that
does that when we give ourselves we have a
impact
in the helmet this dissipates the force of
impact thanks
to these nerves that have the support
consists of kevlar tapes
the hitch
here on the chin
the closing here the business is typically
adjust
to the size of each one in the part
frontal
we have this gel that is called o2
for more comfort on the forehead we do not
Leave the mark and it will be much more comfortable
It also has great ventilation
thanks to its longitudinal openings
and the hot days will not be
nicer
and in the back has this
reflective to be seen when we go
by the road
and so far this video explanation and
remember that you can find us in the
social networks and dot com